DOCS-9169 adding info about number of cores available for tokenization. (#53)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/create-tokenization-service.adoc

. Select the Runtime Fabric to which to deploy the tokenization service. 
. Select the tokenization format. +
You can assign one or more formats or all formats to one tokenization service.

. Select the number of cores to use for the tokenization service replicas.
+

> The tokenization service runs on worker nodes in Runtime Fabric. You can select a minimum and maximum number of cores defined as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tokenization service runs on worker nodes in Runtime Fabric. You can select a minimum and maximum number of cores, defined as:
```

+
* Reserved vCPU
+

> The amount of vCPU guaranteed to the application and reserved for its use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of vCPU guaranteed and reserved for the application's use. 
```
